-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to primarily focus on
Docker Fundamentals.
So, what are the topics involved
in understanding the Docker Fundamentals?
Let's go ahead and then see that now.
So, we are in our github slash,
github.com/stacksimplify git repository.
So in that, there is one repository called
Docker-fundamentals.
So if you go inside,
we have a five sections involved in this understanding
and then learning the Docker fundamentals, okay?
So we are going to first understand what is Docker
and then in traditional approach
what are the problems we are having
and then why, with the Docker how we are going to solve it.
And we are going to understand the Docker terminology
or Docker architecture.
So once all that is covered in first section
then we'll move on to the Docker installation.
So in Docker installation,
we'll focus on installation on Windows, Mac
and also troubleshooting Docker desktop issues on Mac.
So from there on, we'll move on to two major flows,
which are more essential for understanding the Docker.
So the primary flow is like pull a Docker image
from Docker hub and then run the Docker image
as a container.
So we have existing Docker images available
for different applications
and then how we need to pull that
and then run it on our local Docker machine.
We are going to see it.
In addition, the flow two is like build a new Docker image
and then run it locally
and then again push it back to the Docker hub.
So how we are going to do that?
So if we understand basic these two flows.
So we are very good with the Docker
in the sense like we got the fundamentals thoroughly.
In addition, we'll also focus on essential Docker commands.
So the Docker architecture what we are seeing
already covered in Docker introduction.
So we really don't need to worry about it, okay?
But the core thing is we are also going to focus on
essential Docker commands on day to day life
what we are going to use when we are using the Docker.
So this is the core things we are going to perform now.
So I'll see you in the next lecture
with the Docker introduction.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.